README.markdown, before:

# Squash

A generator of Cucumber applications

## Description

This gem generates scaffolds for Cucumber web-oriented applications.

I spent a huge amount of time building Cucumber-based stacks to test my web applications. There are so many options, and sometimes they don't really get together. Should I use Cucumber/RSpec/Webrat/Mechanize, Cucumber/RSpec/Capybara/Selenium, Cucumber/Watir, or what else? How do I solve all the version conflicts that seem to spring out of nowhere when I put these libraries together? How do I wire up all the pieces in a stand-alone, non-Rails application?

Squash tries to save some time by generating a Cucumber-powered, Bundler-enabled web test application that is fully wired with the current popular favorite mix of gems: Cucumber, RSpec, Capybara and Akephalos. Once you've generated the Squash application, you can write your own features to 

## Current status

Experimental. This is just something that I'm trying out now for my own projects. At the moment, it should (might?) just give you an empty application with a working stack right now.

## Squash it!

    gem install squash
    squash create my_app
    cd my_app
    bundle exec cucumber

Time to write your own features!

## Contribute

* [http://github.com/nusco/squash](http://github.com/nusco/squash)

Commit message:

switched to the simpler approach from the (now deprecated) freshsquash project

README.markdown, after:

# FreshSquash

A clean Cucumber+Capybara+WebKit Squash that works out of the box. I'm trying to make this work on OS X, Linux and Windows.

## A "Squash"? What the heck is that?

It's a stand-alone Cucumber application. You can use it to test web applications written in any language. See [TODO](http://TODO).

## Current status

Experimental. I'm testing it on various OSs.

## Install a new fresh Squash

Get the code via git:
  git clone git://github.com/nusco/freshsquash.git

Or download it as a [zip file](https://github.com/nusco/freshsquash/zipball/master).

Install all the libraries you need:
  gem install bundler
  bundle install

Install WebKit. I use Homebrew, so for me it's easy:
  brew install qt
  
If you don't use Homebrew, download WebKit from http://www.webkit.org/.

## Squash it!
    
Run the test feature:
    bundle exec cucumber

If the feature doesn't complete without errors, please contact me with details at paolo dot nusco dot perrotta, on gmail.

If this thing *does* work, then you can now browse around the folders and write your own features.

## Contribute

* [http://github.com/nusco/squash](http://github.com/nusco/squash)
